# Wtf is carbon ?

The pollution generated by the internet industry and its impact on the climate is equivalent to that of the aviation sector.

The digital ecological footprint is far from negligible even if it seems insignificant compared to other sectors and it is difficult to believe that one can "pollute" while surfing the Internet and yet this is what happens !

We decided to deal with this problem by focusing on the impact of social networks on the environment and from there, our choice fell on the social network Twitter.

In order to guarantee the best user experience (whether interactive, immersive but also impactful), we have designed and developed a data visualization adapted to our theme.

So what is the environmental impact of your activity on Twitter?

We invite you to visit our Carbon site to find out the answer!

# Technologies:

__Front-End__: Pug, SCSS, JS, D3.JS

For the representation and the structure we have chosen: Pug / SCSS.

Regarding back-end data fetching, we have implemented a fetch request which allows us to fetch data in JSON format and represent it as dataviz using D3.JS

Pug is a template tool that allows you to generate HTML code by compiling via Webpack.

The advantage of PUG is the simplification of the HTML code. The use of tags is no longer necessary, thanks to the indentation system. Classes and id are defined by shortcuts, respectively “.” and "#".

In addition to its simplification, the code obtained is clearer and more pleasant to read. The Pug language is not far from JavaScript, which allows the injection of JavaScript code into Pug files.

The advantage of Pug also lies in the many features it offers such as the ability to define variables. You can also write JS directly from the .pug file, which will be converted into an HTML page.

Writing with sass is better organized, more readable, less repetitive. This boosts the performance of the site and makes working on the file more pleasant, especially with the responsive.

## PWA 

Our application is also a cross-platform PWA application that you can install as a desktop / mobile application, we pay attention to the performance, responsive and security that's why we created a personalized backend to store the access codes to the Twitter API instead of storing them as a client.
